Brussels, April 19th, 1935.

To Mr. Max Hodann,
Kyvance Court,
Gloucester Road, 6,
London S.W.7.

Sir,

In reference to the letter that Mr. Sonntag (Emigrantenklub) has sent you, and the correspondence exchanged between Mr. Kinn and myself, I have the honor to invite you, on behalf of the organization "PROKOR," to deliver a lecture in both Brussels and Antwerp.

Although Mr. Kinn has expressly stated that it would be preferable to choose a date between April 29th and May 4th, I would be grateful if you could respond by return post, indicating whether we can count on your presence on May 10th in Antwerp and May 11th in Brussels, solely for the purpose of adequately preparing the Belgian public for your lecture.

The title should be as follows:
"The Jewish Nationality Problem."

Before discussing the details, it would be helpful if I could inform you about the audience that will attend. "PROKOR" is the Belgian organization which corresponds to the French "GESERD" and is closely linked to the Moscow-based "OZET," to which it is subordinate.

Our primary objectives are:
1°) To popularize the Soviets and the results of Jewish colonization in the U.S.S.R.
2°) To divert the Jewish population from Palestine, which we consider an imperialist venture.
3°) To regenerate the Jewish people according to the solution that has been obtained for their problem in the U.S.S.R.

We are a very young organization and wish to make your lecture a springboard for greater influence among the Jewish community. This naturally implies a great responsibility on our part regarding the choice of speaker and subject matter. Therefore, it is important for us to define the issues to be addressed and the manner in which they should be treated, namely:
1°) The material and moral plight of Jews throughout the world.
2°) The failure of the Palestinian enterprise as a solution to the Jewish problem.
3°) A rational and sustainable solution to the Jewish problem in Soviet Russia and the realization of Jewish colonization there.