**Extract from H.O. file F.825.**

Conditional Landing.

Port of Harwich. Date of landing: January 5, 1933.
Name: Alexis FINKELSTEIN.
Nationality: German. Occupation: Chemist.
Date of birth: January 25, 177 (Note: OCR error - likely intended to be 1977). Place of birth: Leipzig.
Passport No.: 251 - Bernberg - October 27, 1932.
Address: Kings Farm, Little Shelford, Cambridgeshire.

Remarks: The individual, identified as a chemist of considerable standing, stated that he had come for consultation with Dr. BAYON and wished to remain for three weeks.
Dr. BAYON, reportedly a professor at the Molteno Institute for Parasitological Research at Cambridge University, is associated with Cellulose Compositions Co. Ltd., of Trumpington, Cambridgeshire. Correspondence between the individual and Dr. BAYON was produced, demonstrating that experiments had been conducted regarding the industrial manufacture of plaster materials, and that the individual's services were required to improve the process.
Cellulose Compositions Co. Ltd. utilizes this process in the production of accumulator lids.
Dr. BAYON provided the individual with his travel expenses and a sum of £15.
The individual stated that he is a consulting chemist and that his services are sought by numerous large industrial firms.
Given the possibility that his services may be retained by Cellulose Compositions Co. Ltd. for an indefinite period, he was granted permission to land for one month, with instructions that any application for extension should be submitted to this office.
FINKELSTEIN mentioned that if his services were not required beyond three weeks, he would endeavour to arrange representation of the process in Germany.

January 21, 1933. Arrived Harwich. Landed conditionally for one month.

He produced further correspondence from Dr. BAYON, a director of Cellulose Compositions Co. Ltd., which indicated that he had returned to conduct similar research work. The individual stated that he wished to remain for six months, as there was significantly more work to be undertaken than on the previous occasion.
He stated that the firm would not provide him with a regular salary but would, he believed, cover his out-of-pocket expenses, although no formal agreement had been reached. From the tone of the correspondence, it appears that the individual and Dr. BAYON are on amicable terms.
FINKELSTEIN possessed a sum of 200 German marks.